Welcome group
Right
Now the shareholders' meeting has just begun
Let's go up now
Through the share allocation and voting of each shareholder
Final announcement
Chairperson position of Huanyu Group 2023
Or by Mr. Shen Tinglan
Does it make sense?
Sounds young and promising
Of course we have nothing to worry about
The old man personally chose such a person
We old guys are naturally not convinced.
Hahaha, we just don't agree.
Xu Xi
Why did you come here?
I'm no longer Mr. Shen's assistant
There's no need to report everything to Mr. Shen
Shen Yu, how dare you come back?
Back then, you donated tens of millions of dollars to the group and ran away
What are you doing back now?
You old people
I'm really here to help you this time.
You hum
Thank goodness you didn't hurt us
Shen Yu
This is not your place to be presumptuous
go out